IMPORTANT - READ THIS BEFORE INSTALLING: By installing, using, or
reproducing the enclosed materials, you are agreeing to be bound by the
terms of this agreement.  If you do not agree to them, do not install
or use this software.

Intel Indeo(R) video Software License Agreement

LICENSE: Subject to the Restrictions below, Intel Corporation ("Intel")
grants to you the following non-exclusive, non-assignable, royalty-free
copyright licenses in the "Materials" below, which are identified
specifically in the enclosed documentation.
End-User Documentation includes textual materials intended for end
users.  You may copy, modify and distribute them.
Licensed Binaries are redistributable code provided in binary form.
You may copy and distribute Licensed Binaries with your product.

RESTRICTIONS: You will make reasonable efforts to discontinue
distribution of the enclosed Materials upon Intel's release of an
update, upgrade or new version of the Materials and to make reasonable
efforts to distribute such updates, upgrades or new versions to your
customers who have received the Materials herein.

You may not reverse-assemble, reverse-compile, or otherwise
reverse-engineer any software provided solely in binary form.

Distribution of the Materials is also subject to the following
limitations you (i) shall be solely responsible to your customers for
any update or support obligation or other liability which may arise
from the distribution, (ii) do not make any statement that your product
is "certified," or that its performance is guaranteed, by Intel, (iii)
do not use Intel's name or trademarks to market your product without
written permission, (iv) shall prohibit disassembly and reverse
engineering, and (v) shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Intel
and its suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits, including
attorney's fees, that arise or result from your distribution of any
product.

COPYRIGHT: Title to the Materials and all copies thereof remain with
Intel or its suppliers.  The Materials are copyrighted and are
protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty
provisions.  You will not remove any copyright notice from the
Materials.  You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the
Materials.  Except as expressly provided herein, Intel does not grant
any express or implied right to you under Intel patents, copyrights,
trademarks, or trade secret information.

REPLACEMENTS: The Materials are provided "AS IS" without warranty of
any kind.  If the media on which the Materials are furnished are found
to be defective in material or workmanship under normal use for a
period of ninety (90) days from the date of receipt, Intel's entire
liability and your exclusive remedy shall be the replacement of the
media.  This offer is void if the media defect results from accident,
abuse, or misapplication.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: THE ABOVE REPLACEMENT PROVISION IS THE ONLY
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  INTEL OFFERS NO OTHER WARRANTY EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-
PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
NEITHER INTEL NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER
LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF INTEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  BECAUSE
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.

TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE: Intel may terminate this license at any
time if you are in breach of any of its terms and conditions.  Upon
termination, you will immediately destroy the Materials or return all
copies of the Materials to Intel along with any copies you have made.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: The Materials are provided with
"RESTRICTED RIGHTS."  Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government
is subject to restrictions set forth in FAR52.227-14 and
DFAR252.227-7013 et seq. or its successor.  Use of the Materials by
the Government constitutes acknowledgment of Intel's rights in them.

APPLICABLE LAWS: Any claim arising under or relating to this Agreement
shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of
Delaware or federal courts located in Delaware, without regard to
principles of conflict of laws.  You may not export the Materials in
violation of applicable export laws.
