PhotoEnhancer 3.1 for Windows


Welcome to PhotoEnhancer! We hope you enjoy this award-
winning product from PictureWorks!  Below are just a couple 
of helpful items and new features you might be interested 
in.  Please refer to the user documentation for full details 
and instructions on using PhotoEnhancer Plus.

Tips and Tricks
1.  When canceling a SmartPix, Enhance or Effects operation
there may be a slight delay before processing actually stops. 

2.  When using images saved in 256 colors, PhotoEnhancer 
Plus automatically converts them to Millions of Colors (24-
bit) as they are opened.  This is done to allow the images 
to be edited properly.  When saving these images back to 
disk, the Color Depth option in the Save and Save As dialog 
boxes will default to Millions of Colors.  Choose a 
different color depth for the dialog box if you want them 
saved in a different way.

3.  When doing a SmartPix, Enhance or Effects operation on
multiple slides, the images will be saved to disk in TIFF
format.  If you prefer another format, first open the 
images, perform the selected operation and then choose
SaveAs to save the image in that format.

4.  When importing large single bit black & white images 
into PhotoEnhancer, executing the 180 degree Rotate 
will cause the image to disappear.  If an image that has 
disappeared is saved, it will hang the PhotoEnhancer 
application. If this occurs, press ctrl-alt-del simultaneously
and end the task. To avoid this problem altogether, select 
90 degree Rotate twice to turn the image 180 degrees.


