SUPPORT.TXT
December 12, 1998
PICTools version 2.00.51

This file describes the Pegasus Imaging Corporation support policies
for its PICTools Development Kits.
=====================================================================

As our success is directly related to your success in using our
products, we are very committed to working with you to solve any
problems you might have with our PICTools development kits.  Please
do not hesitate to call us if you are having problems.


We ask that you take the following steps before calling us:

1.  If you are having problems compiling your application, we ask
that you compile the sample application.  If this succeeds try to
look at the differences between your project's make file and the
sample's project make file.  Another cause for unresolved references
is not having #define'ed the symbol 'WINDOWS', ('OS/2' if applicable)
in your source files prior to including PIC.H.

2.  If you cannot view a particular image using your application,
please try to view the image with one of the provided viewers.  This
will help us to determine if the image is corrupt, your application
is incorrect, or our library can not handle the image.  Also please
try using your application to view one of the images provided with
the dev kit.

3.  If your application will not run, make sure the PICTools DLLs are
accessible.  Note that the PICTools API DLL (PICN20.DLL, PICW20.DLL
or PICO20.DLL) look for the opcode DLL's in the same directory as the
dispatcher (they must stay together).  If the opcode DLL cannot be
found when Pegasus() is called, your application will receive a
returned error -2101.  If the PICTools API DLL cannot be loaded,
Windows will display an error message about a missing library when
you attempt to run your application.


Please call us while at your computer, we will try to work you through
the problems.


If you are still having problems, call us at (813) 875-7575 x302 or
email us at support@jpg.com.


Thank you,
Pegasus Imaging Corporation Technical Support


=====================================================================
<end of SUPPORT.TXT>
