END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MICROSOFT SOFTWARE

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY: This Microsoft End-User License Agreement ("EULA") 
is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and 
Microsoft Corporation for the Microsoft software product(s) accompanying this 
EULA, which include(s) computer software and may include "online" or electronic
documentation, associated media, and printed materials (''SOFTWARE PRODUCT''). 
By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or any UPDATES 
(as defined below), you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do 
not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install, copy, or otherwise use the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT; you may, however, return it to your place of purchase for a 
full refund. In addition, by installing, copying, or otherwise using any 
updates or other components of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT that you receive separately
as part of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (''UPDATES''), you agree to be bound by any 
additional license terms that accompany such UPDATES. If you do not agree to 
the additional license terms that accompany such UPDATES, you may not install, 
copy, or otherwise use such UPDATES.


SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international copyright
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold. 

1. LICENSE TO USE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. 
        1.1 General License Grant.  Microsoft grants to you a personal, 
nonexclusive license to make and use copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any 
documentation supplied by Microsoft with the SOFTWARE PRODUCT for the purposes 
of designing, developing, and testing your software product(s).  Under this 
EULA, you are not allowed to modify any portion of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.  In 
addition, Microsoft grants you a nonexclusive, royalty-free right to reproduce 
and distribute in object code form of any portion of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
("Redistributable Code"), provided that you comply with the terms of Section 
2.1.

2. DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS; LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. 
        2.1 General.  If you are authorized and choose to redistribute 
Redistributable Code as described in Section 1, you agree to: (a) distribute 
the Redistributable Code in object code only in conjunction with and as a part 
of a software application product developed by you that adds significant and 
primary functionality to the Redistributable Code ("Licensed Product"); (b) the
Redistributable Code only operate in conjunction with Microsoft Windows, 
Windows NT, or Windows CE; (c) not use Microsoft's name, logo, or trademarks to
market the Licensed Product; (d) include a valid copyright notice on the 
Licensed Product; (e) indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Microsoft from and 
against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees, that arise or result
from the use or distribution of the Licensed Product; (f) otherwise comply with
the terms of this EULA; and (g) agree that Microsoft reserves all rights not 
expressly granted.  You also agree not to permit further distribution of the 
Redistributable Code by your end users except you may permit further 
redistribution of the Redistributable Code by your distributors to your 
end-user customers if your distributors only distribute the Redistributable 
Code in conjunction with, and as part of, the Licensed Product and you and your
distributors comply with all other terms of this EULA.

3. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS
        3.1 Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.
You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, 
except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by 
applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
        3.2 Rental. You may not rent, lease or lend the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
        3.3 Trademarks. This EULA does not grant you any rights in connection 
with any trademarks or service marks of Microsoft.
        3.4 Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may 
terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this
EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and 
all of its component parts.

4. COPYRIGHT. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, 
video, audio, music, text, and "applets" incorporated into the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT are owned by Microsoft or its suppliers. All title and intellectual 
property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is the property of the respective content owner and may be 
protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and 
treaties. This EULA grants you no rights to use such content. All rights not 
expressly granted are reserved by Microsoft.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT AS IS AND WITH 
ALL FAULTS, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY (IF ANY) 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, OF RESULTS, OF 
WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, OF LACK OF VIRUSES, AND OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE, ALL WITH 
REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.  ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF 
TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR NON 
INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

6. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES.  TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT OR ITS 
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS 
OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL 
INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD 
FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR 
OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF 
MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU 
MIGHT INCUR FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL 
DAMAGES REFERENCED ABOVE AND ALL DIRECT OR GENERAL DAMAGES), THE ENTIRE 
LIABILITY OF MICROSOFT AND ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS 
EULA AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ALL OF THE FOREGOING (EXCEPT FOR ANY REMEDY 
OF REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT ELECTED BY MICROSOFT WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACH OF THE
LIMITED WARRANTY) SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID 
BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR U.S.$5.00.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, 
EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5 AND 6 ABOVE) SHALL APPLY TO 
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS 
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

8. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  You acknowledge that the Software Product is subject 
to U.S. export jurisdiction.  You agree to comply with all applicable 
international and national laws that apply to the Software Product, including 
the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use and 
destination restrictions issued by U.S. and other governments.  For additional 
information, see http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/.

9. GOVERNING LAW.  This EULA is governed by the laws of the State of 
Washington, and You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal 
courts sitting in King County, Washington, unless no federal jurisdiction 
exists, in which case You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the 
Superior Court of King County, Washington.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This EULA (including any addendum or amendment to this 
EULA which is included with the Software Product) is the entire agreement 
between You and Microsoft relating to the Software Product and they supersede 
all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and 
representations with respect to the Software Product or any other subject 
matter covered by this EULA.  To the extent the terms of any Microsoft policies
or programs for support services conflict with the terms of this EULA, the 
terms of this EULA shall control.

Should You have any questions concerning this EULA, or if You desire to contact
Microsoft for any reason, please contact the Microsoft subsidiary serving Your 
country, or write: Microsoft Sales Information Center/One Microsoft Way/
Redmond, WA 98052-6399.
